Feature static asset deliver /2 (#34055)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/release-notes/aspnetcore-9.0.md

This article highlights the most significant changes in ASP.NET Core 9.0 with links to relevant documentation.

## Static asset delivery optimization

> Map Static Assets routing endpoint conventions, <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.StaticAssetsEndpointRouteBuilderExtensions.MapStaticAssets%2A>, is a new feature that optimizes the delivery of static assets in ASP.NET Core apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MapStaticAssets routing endpoint conventions](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.StaticAssetsEndpointRouteBuilderExtensions.MapStaticAssets%2A) is a new feature that optimizes the delivery of static assets in ASP.NET Core apps.
```

> For more information on static asset deliver for Blazor apps, see <xref:blazor/fundamentals/static-files?view=aspnetcore-9.0>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on static asset delivery for Blazor apps, see <xref:blazor/fundamentals/static-files?view=aspnetcore-9.0>.
```
